Added EchoTime field in the violation tables (#7515)
aces/Loris: CHANGELOG.md

- The default value of the ScannerID field of the mri_protocol table is now NULL instead of 0 (PR #7496).
#### Bug Fixes
- The default value of the `ScannerID` field of the `mri_protocol` table is now `NULL` instead of `0`. This means that if a protocol is valid on all the study's scanners, then `ScannerID` of the protocol should be set to `NULL` (PR #7496)

> - The `EchoTime` field has been added to the following tables: `MRICandidateErrors`, and `mri_violations_log`. `EchoTime` is necessary to distiguish MINC files for multi-echo aquisitions (#PR7515).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `EchoTime` field has been added to the following tables: `MRICandidateErrors`, and `mri_violations_log`. `EchoTime` is necessary to distiguish MINC files for multi-echo aquisitions (PR #7515).
```
